# PyBer_Analysis
- An analysis performed for on data from the ride sharing company called PyBer. 
## Overview of Project 
- In this project we used data gathered from the ride sharing company called Pyber to perform an analysis using tools such as Python, Pandas, and Matplotlib. This data was used to help create helpful and clear visualizations to illustrate various aspects of the business such as; the differences in driver/ ride fare totals, the difference between the types of cities, as well as the total number of drivers and riders within different types of cities. 
### Results
- When looking at the data and the visualizations for the data on rides there are clear differences between the three types of cities. At first glance we can clearly see that drivers working in urban cities get a much higher total number of rides when compared to drivers working in suburban and rural settings. Urban drivers had a total of 1,625 rides whereas suburban drivers only had 625 and rural drivers with a significantly lower ride count at 125. However, when taking a closer look at the data we can see that while the total number of rides are higher in urban and suburban settings the actual average amount earned per ride is significantly higher in rural settings at a staggering 55 dollars per ride when compared to 39 dollars in suburban settings and only 16 dollars in urban settings. All of these numbers are reflected in the total number of drivers in each type of city respectively; Urban cities with 2,405 drivers, Suburban cities with 490 drivers, and lastly rural cities with only 78 drivers.

#### Results
- When looking at the data we can see that the most densely populated areas such as urban cities are where the most rides take place and also where the cost per ride is the lowest for the customer. A potential recommendation to help expand the reach of Pyber would be to try and incentivize drivers to serve more areas in the suburban and rural settings to help bring the cost down for riders while also letting drivers potentially earn more while increasing the ease of use of the service for potential customers in those areas.
